mall portovelo more than a
great shopping center we build the
downtown in granada goal
thousands of yearnings and joys are made
reality here wide corridors
pedestrian vehicular and trails
ecological
healthy civil area food and
children's spaces
where more than 3,100 people will leave
daily smiles and infinities
Happy moments
the portovelo shopping center was born
a great idea a challenge that we wanted
face to generate a world of
opportunities to its visitors and about
everything to those who are part of it
big brands that arrive to impact
in a positive way to the people of the
region
that's why where we generate value and
trust there we will be construction
Bogotá architecture and design
builders of a better life